# 2(5)  Any felony offense of assault; misdemeanor or felony offense of domestic assault; or felony offense of kidnapping

## Law

610.140.2(5)  Any felony offense of assault; misdemeanor or felony offense of domestic assault; or felony offense of kidnapping;

Is the statute for assult?
   Is charges.conviction_charge_type a misdemeanor or felony
       Cannot be expunged

Is the statute domestic assault?
   Is charges.conviction_charge_type a felony
       Cannot be expunged
       
       
       
565.130.  Kidnapping, third degree, penalty. — 1.  A person commits the offense of kidnapping in the third degree if he or she knowingly restrains another unlawfully and without consent so as to interfere substantially with his or her liberty.

  2.  The offense of kidnapping in the third degree is a class A misdemeanor unless the person unlawfully restrained is removed from this state, in which case it is a class E felony.

# Logic 
Is the statue a kidnapping. any in  (565.130, .....)?
   Is charges.conviction_charge_type a felony
       Cannot be expunged
       
       
## How to identify
assult and domestic assult is generaly in this range -565.050, 565.052, 565.054, 565.056, 565.072, 565.073, 565.074, 565.076
search for assault for cases not in that range, for instance assult on a police animal.

## Information Needed

Need three list of statutes,  

1. offense of assault
2. offense of domestic assault
3. offense of kidnapping

How do we find these statues, for example kidnapping when kidnapping is not in the name?



Senario:

If they are recklessly  driving their motor scooter and kill someone, they would be charged with:
* Recklessly driving their motor scooter (Felony). does not mention anything about death
* One of the "causes the death of..." from 565.020 through .034

What happens if they "Down Grade" to a M?


